>> Nina Zakharenko: What's a fork?
A fork is a GitHub concept.
It's a copy of a repository that's
stored in your GitHub account.
You can clone your fork
to your local computer.
And because that fork is in your account,
all of a sudden there's no restrictions.
You can push changes,
you can edit the code,
you can do whatever to your own copy.
If you wanna merge back changes,
back to the original project,
the one that you had forked from.
The way that you do that
is by a pull request.
>> Nina Zakharenko: A pull
request is saying, knock knock,
hello maintainer of this project.
I've made this awesome cool new feature,
I fixed this bug,
would you please accept
the changes that I am proposing?
>> Nina Zakharenko: If you wanna stay up
to date while you're working on your fork,
other changes are probably getting
merged back into that source repository.
So if you wanna stay up to date,
if you want your fork to stay up to
date with the original project, you need
to set up something called an upstream.
The upstream is the base repository
that you created that fork from,
and it's not set up by default.
When you add an upstream called remote,
you can then pull down changes that have
been added to the original
repository after you forked it.